>>> BREAKING NEWS TONIGHT.
SHOCKWAVES AS HOLLYWOOD
ACTRESSES AND TOP CEOs ARE AMONG
DOZENS CHARGED IN A MASSIVE
COLLEGE ADMISSIONS SCANDAL.
"DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES" STAR
FELICITY HUFFMAN TAKEN INTO
CUSTODY, AND "FULL HOUSE" STAR
LORI LOUGHLIN, A WARRANT ISSUED
FOR HER ARREST.
>> THEY FLAUNTED THEIR WEALTH,
SPARING NO EXPENSE TO CHEAT THE
SYSTEMS.
>> WHAT THEY'RE ACCUSED OF DOING
TO GET THEIR KIDS INTO THE
NATION'S MOST ELITE COLLEGES.
AND TONIGHT OUTRAGE FROM
PARENTS, WHO SAY THEIR KIDS
PLAYED BY THE RULES WHILE THE
RICH AND FAMOUS AND POWERFUL
CHEATED TO GET AHEAD.
>>> ALSO BREAKING TONIGHT, THE
U.S. STANDING NEARLY ALONE AS
MOST OF THE WORLD FROM EUROPE TO
AUSTRALIA HAS GROUNDED THAT
BOEING JET AFTER TWO FATAL
CRASHES.
AUTHORITIES HAVE THE BLACK
BOXES.
SO WHY DON'T THEY KNOW WHAT'S ON
THEM?
>>> A MAJOR STORM ON THE MOVE.
BLIZZARD WARNINGS IN THE PLAINS
AND THEY'RE ON ALERT FOR
TORNADOES IN THE SOUTH.
>>> FORMER VICE PRESIDENT JOE
BIDEN TAKING ON PRESIDENT TRUMP,
AND WHAT HE SAID TODAY OF
DROPPING A MAJOR HINT ABOUT HIS
PLANS.
>>> A CRUSHING DEFEAT THROWS
AMERICA'S CLOSEST ALLY TO THE
CHAOTIC UNKNOWN, JUST OVER TWO
WEEKS FROM A DIVORCE DEADLINE
WITH EUROPE.
>>> A HIGHWAY TRAGEDY AND THE
HUNT FOR WHOEVER THREW A ROCK
OFF AN OVERPASS, KILLING A
MOTHER OF THREE.
>>> AND THE MAJOR U.S. AIRPORT
THAT IS WARNING TONIGHT YOU MAY
HAVE BEEN EXPOSED TO THE
MEASLES.
>> Announcer: THIS IS "NBC
NIGHTLY NEWS" WITH LESTER HOLT.
>>> GOOD EVENING AND WELCOME TO
OUR VIEWERS IN THE WEST.
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS TODAY
REVEALED WHAT THEY SAY IS THE
LARGEST CASE OF COLLEGE
ADMISSIONS FRAUD IN U.S.
HISTORY, CHARGING COACHES AND
AFFLUENT PARENT, INCLUDING
HOLLYWOOD ELITE IN A MASSIVE
BRIBERY SCHEME TO FAST TRACK
KIDS INTO SOME OF THE COUNTRY'S
TOP UNIVERSITIES, INCLUDING YALE
AND STANFORD.
AMONG THOSE ARRESTED, ACTRESSES
FELICITY HUFFMAN AND "FULL
HOUSE" STAR LORI LOUGHLIN.
TODAY THE ACCUSED RINGLEADER OF
THE $25 MILLION SCHEME PLEADING
GUILTY.
WE HAVE IT COVERED FROM COLLEGE
CAMPUSES TO THE COURTHOUSE,
STARTING WITH PETE WILLIAMS AT
GEORGETOWN.
AND, PETE, A LOT OF PEOPLE HAVE
REASON TO BE OUTRAGED ABOUT THIS
STORY.
>> Reporter: INCLUDING HERE IN
GEORGETOWN IN WASHINGTON,
LESTER, WHERE THE FORMER TENNIS
COACH IS ACCUSED OF TAKING $3
MILLION TO ADMIT 12 STUDENTS AS
PLAYERS.
NATIONWIDE, 50 PEOPLE HAVE BEEN
ARRESTED, PARENTS AND THE
COLLEGE COACHES THEY'RE ACCUSED
OF BRIBING.
THE COLLEGES ARE SOME OF THE
NATION'S MOST ELITE, YALE,
STANFORD, UCLA, EIGHT IN ALL.
THE FBI SAYS THEY UNWITTINGLY
ADMITTED STUDENTS WITH INFLATED
TEST SCORES OR PHONY ATHLETIC
RECORDS PAID FOR BY THEIR
PARENTS.
>> THIS IS A CASE WHERE THEY
FLAUNTED THEIR WEALTH, SPARING
NO EXPENSE TO CHEAT THE SYSTEMS
SO THEY COULD SET THEIR CHILDREN
UP FOR SUCCESS WITH THE BEST
EDUCATION MONEY COULD BUY.
>> Reporter: AMONG THOSE
CHARGED, "FULL HOUSE" ACTRESS
LORI LOUGHLIN, "DESPERATE
HOUSEWIVES" STAR FELICITY
HUFFMAN, AND TOP CEOs AND
LAWYERS.
AT THE CENTER OF THE SCAM IS
WILLIAM SINGER, WHO RAN A
COLLEGE PREP BUSINESS.
>> GETTING INTO THE RIGHT
COLLEGE WILL SET THE TRAJECTORY
FOR THE REST OF YOUR SON OR
DAUGHTER'S LIFE.
>> Reporter: HE PLEAD GUILTY
TODAY, ADMITTING THAT PARENTS
PAID HIM A TOTAL OF $25 MILLION
TO GET STUDENTS ADMITTED AS
ATHLETES, MANY NEVER HAVING
PLAYED A SPORT.
HE PHOTOSHOPPED THE FACES OF
THEIR CHILDREN ON TO PHOTOS OF
ACTUAL ATHLETES AND GOT SAMPLES
OF A STUDENT'S HANDWRITING.
SINGER THEN BRIBED COACHES AT
THE SCHOOLS WHO PUT THE
APPLICANTS INTO THEIR DESIGNATED
ADMISSION SLOTS.
THE FORMER YALE WOMEN'S SOCCER
COACH WAS PAID $400,000 TO ADMIT
A STUDENT HE KNEW DIDN'T PLAY
COMPETITIVE SOCCER.
SINGER ALSO ADMITTED PAYING TEST
PROCTORS TO LET SOMEONE ELSE
TAKE A STUDENT'S ADMISSION EXAMS
TO GET BETTER SCORES.
THE FBI SAYS SOME PARENTS SPENT
AS MUCH AS $6.5 MILLION FOR
GUARANTEED ADMISSION OF THEIR
CHILDREN, AND THEN THEY
DISGUISED THEIR PAYMENTS TO
SINGER AS CONTRIBUTIONS TO A
CHARITY HE RAN SO THEY COULD
DEDUCT THE PAYMENTS ON THEIR
INCOME TAXES.
>> THE PARENTS CHARGED TODAY,
DESPITE ALREADY BEING ABLE TO
GIVE THEIR CHILDREN EVERY
LEGITIMATE ADVANTAGE IN THE
COLLEGE ADMISSIONS GAME, INSTEAD
CHOSE TO CORRUPT AND ILLEGALLY
MANIPULATE THE SYSTEM FOR THEIR
BENEFIT.
>> Reporter: AND TONIGHT
PROSECUTOR SAYS MORE CHARGES ARE
LIKELY.
PETE WILLIAMS, NBC NEWS,
WASHINGTON.
>> Reporter: I'M MIGUEL ALMAGUER
IN LOS ANGELES, WHERE ACTRESSES
FELICITY HUFFMAN AND LORI
LOUGHLIN ARE HEADED FROM THE RED
CARPET TO FEDERAL COURT AMID
OUTRAGE AT COLLEGE CAMPUSES
ACROSS THE COUNTRY.
>> THAT'S JUST SO INCREDIBLY
UNFAIR.
IT'S TAKING A SPOT FROM SOMEONE
WHO REALLY DESERVES TO BE HERE
AND REALLY WANTS TO BE HERE.
>> Reporter: FAMOUS FOR HER ROLE
ON "FULL HOUSE" AND MARRIED TO
DESIGNER MOSSIMO GIANNULLI,
INVESTIGATORS SAY LORI LOUGHLIN
AND HER HUSBAND AGREED TO PAY
BRIBES TOTALLING HALF A MILLION
DOLLARS IN EXCHANGE FOR HAVING
THEIR TWO DAUGHTERS DESIGNATED
AS RECRUITS TO THE USC CREW
TEAM, DESPITE THE FACT THAT THEY
DID NOT PARTICIPATE IN CREW.
COURT DOCUMENTS SAY THEY EVEN
HAD THEIR GIRLS STAGE PHOTOS AS
ATHLETES.
>> I'M GOING TO DO A DORM ROOM
TOUR TODAY.
>> Reporter: LOUGHLIN'S YOUNGEST
DAUGHTER, FOLLOWED BY NEARLY TWO
MILLION PEOPLE ON YOUTUBE SPOKE
ABOUT ATTENDING USC.
>> I DO WANT THE EXPERIENCE OF
LIKE GAME DAY, PARTYING.
I DON'T REALLY CARE ABOUT
SCHOOL, AS YOU GUYS ALL KNOW.
>> I WAS PRETTY PISSED OFF THAT
SOMEONE IS ABLE TO PAY THEIR WAY
INTO A SCHOOL THAT OTHER
STUDENTS HAVE WORKED REALLY HARD
TO GET INTO.
>> Reporter: OSCAR NOMINEE
FELICITY HUFFMAN IS ACCUSED OF
PAYING $15,000 TO BOOST HER
OLDEST DAUGHTER'S S.A.T. SCORES.
HER HUSBAND, WILLIAM H. MACY, IS
MENTIONED IN THE INDICTMENT, BUT
IS NOT CHARGED.
INVESTIGATORS SAY HUFFMAN
ARRANGED FOR A THIRD PARTY TO
PURPORT TO PROCTOR THEIR
DAUGHTER'S S.A.T. AND SECRETLY
CORRECT HER ANSWERS.
>> IT'S DISAPPOINTING BECAUSE I
TAKES A SPOT FROM A KID
THAT DID IT THE RIGHT WAY.
>> Reporter: TONIGHT HOLLYWOOD'S
ELITE ACCUSED OF PAYING TOP
DOLLAR TO BUY AN ADMISSION TO A
HIGHER EDUCATION THEIR CHILDREN
DID NOT EARN.
HUFFMAN SUSPEND HER PASSPORT.
LOUGHLIN, WHO WAS OUT OF THE
COUNTRY EARLIER TODAY, HAS NOT
ISSUED A COMMENT.
LESTER?
>> MIGUEL ALMAGUER, THANK YOU.
>>> THE FAA TONIGHT UNDER
PRESSURE AND INCREASINGLY ALONE
OVER THE FATE OF BOEING 737 MAX
8 JETLINERS.
SEVERAL MORE COUNTRIES TODAY
ACROSS EUROPE AND BEYOND
GROUNDING THE PLANES UNTIL THE
CAUSE OF SUNDAY'S CRASH IN
ETHIOPIA AND ANOTHER LAST FALL
ARE DETERMINED.
THE FAA, HOWEVER, MAINTAINS THE
PLANE IS SAFE.
TOM COSTELLO NOW WITH THE
LATEST.
>> Reporter: IN BALTIMORE TODAY,
A PERFECT LANDING FOR SOUTHWEST
2402, A 737 MAX 8 ARRIVING FROM
OKLAHOMA CITY, BUT OUTSIDE OF
THE U.S. AND CANADA, THE MAX 8
IS LARGELY GROUNDED TONIGHT,
AMID CONCERN A DEADLY FLAW COULD
BE RESPONSIBLE FOR TWO PLANE
CRASHES IN FIVE MONTHS.
IN ETHIOPIA ON SUNDAY, IN
INDONESIA LAST OCTOBER.
THE EUROPEAN UNION JOINING THE
UK, AUSTRALIA, SINGAPORE,
INDONESIA, CHINA, AND A LONG
LIST OF OTHER COUNTRIES AND
AIRLINES BANNING 737 MAX 8
FLIGHTS.
BUT IN THE U.S., THE FAA SAYS
IT'S NOT GROUNDING THE PLANE,
THOUGH IT INSISTS IT WILL ACT IF
THE EVIDENCE SUGGESTS A PROBLEM.
>> THE DEPARTMENT AND THE FAA
WILL NOT HESITATE TO TAKE
IMMEDIATE AND APPROPRIATE
ACTION.
>> Reporter: IN THE U.S., UNITED
FLIES THE LONGER MAX 9.
SOUTHWEST AND AMERICAN FLY THE
MAX 8.
ALL SAY THEY DO NOT HAVE SAFETY
CONCERNS.
>> I'M 100% COMFORTABLE OF THIS
AND EVERY OTHER 737 MAX WE HAVE
IN THE FLEET.
>> Reporter: BUT THE AMERICAN
AIRLINES FLIGHT ATTENDANT UNION
NOW WANTS THE MAX 8 GROUNDED.
>> THEY'RE VERY CONCERNED ABOUT
THEIR SAFETY, BUT ALSO THE
SAFETY OF OUR CUSTOMERS, WHO WE
CARE FOR EVERY DAY.
>> Reporter: THE FAA FEELING THE
HEAT AS MEMBERS OF CONGRESS AND
A FORMER TRANSPORTATION
SECRETARY ALSO CALL FOR THE FAA
TO GROUND THE MAX 8.
>> I'M SURE THE AGENCY IS
FEELING THE PRESSURE, AND THE
WAY TO RELIEVE THE PRESSURE IS
TO GROUND THE PLANES.
>> Reporter: THE CENTRAL
QUESTION REMAINS WHETHER THE
CRASHES IN ETHIOPIA AND
INDONESIA HAVE ANYTHING IN
COMMON.
BOTH WERE MAX 8s.
BUT TONIGHT IT APPEARS THE BLACK
BOXES FROM ETHIOPIA STILL HAVE
NOT BEEN READ.
THE CEO OF THE AIRLINE SAYS
THEY'LL LIKELY BE SENT TO
ANOTHER COUNTRY FOR ANALYSIS.
IN ETHIOPIA TODAY, AN OUTPOURING
OF GRIEF AT THE SIGHT WHERE ET
FLIGHT 302 WENT DOWN.
SKY NEWS REPORTER JOHN SPARKS IS
THERE.
>> TODAY THE SITE HAS BEEN GIVEN
OVER TO MEMBERS OF THE RED
CROSS, WHO ARE NOW LOOKING FOR
THE REMAINS OF THE PASSENGERS,
157 PEOPLE, WHO WERE ON THAT
FLIGHT.
>> Reporter: AMONG THE EIGHT
AMERICANS ON BOARD, MELVIN AND
BENNETT RIFFEL HAVE BEEN
IDENTIFIED, TWO BROTHERS FROM
CALIFORNIA.
TENNESSEE DOCTOR MANISHA
NUKAVARAPU, AND ANTOINE LEWIS, A
U.S. SERVICE MEMBER.
>> ANTOINE IS WHERE HE WANTED TO
BE.
HE LEFT HERE DOING WHAT HE
WANTED TO DO, AND HE IS IN HIS
MOTHERLAND SOIL.
>> Reporter: MEANWHILE,
PRESIDENT TRUMP STIRRED
CONFUSION TODAY WHEN HE TWEETED
AIRPLANES ARE FAR TOO COMPLEX TO
FLY.
PILOTS ARE NO LONGER NEEDED, BUT
RATHER COMPUTER SCIENTISTS FROM
M.I.T., AND THE COMPLEXITY
CREATES DANGER.
THAT PROMPTED A CALL WITH BOEING
CEO DENNIS MUILENBURG, WHO MADE
IT CLEAR HE IS ABSOLUTELY
CONFIDENT IN THE SAFETY OF THE
AIRPLANES.
LATE TODAY, THE FAA SAID IT HAS
NO DATA TO JUSTIFY GROUNDING THE
MAX 8s.
MEANWHILE, BOEING SAYS IT IS
PUSHING OUT AN URGENT SOFTWARE
PATCH TO ADDRESS A POTENTIAL
COMPUTER GLITCH THAT MAY HAVE
BEEN IDENTIFIED IN THAT
ANTI-STALL SYSTEM RELATED TO THE
INDONESIAN CRASH.
AND FINALLY, LESTER, MOST
AVIATION EXPERTS REALLY BELIEVE
ALL THE AUTOMATION, ALL THE
COMPUTERS, ALL THE COMPLEXITIES
HAVE MADE AIR TRAVEL FAR SAFER.
>> ALL RIGHT, TOM, THANK YOU.
IN JUST A FEW MINUTES, WE'RE
GOING TO TAKE A LOOK AT HOW YOU
KNOW WHETHER YOU'RE BOOKING A
FLIGHT ON ONE OF THESE
PARTICULAR AIRPLANES STILL
FLYING IN THE U.S., AND WHAT
HAPPENS IF YOU WANT TO CANCEL.
THAT'S COMING UP.
>>> WE MOVE ON NOW TO A MAJOR
STORM ON THE MOVE.
FUNNEL CLOUDS EAST OF PHOENIX
TODAY AND ABOUT 2 INCHES OF SNOW
NEAR FLAGSTAFF, ARIZONA.
PART OF THE SYSTEM THREATENING
MILLIONS IN THE SOUTH AND
SOUTHWEST TONIGHT.
BLIZZARD WARNINGS ARE IN EFFECT
FOR DENVER AND FOR PARTS OF THE
ROCKIES AND PLAINS WHERE THE
SYSTEM MOVES ON WEDNESDAY.
>>> TONIGHT FORMER VICE
PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN IS COMING
OUT SWINGING, TAKING ON
PRESIDENT TRUMP IN A PAIR OF
APPEARANCES THAT FELT, AT TIMES,
LIKE CAMPAIGN RALLIES WITHOUT
THE CAMPAIGN PART.
SO IS HE IN OR OUT?
AS KRISTEN WELKER REPORTS, BIDEN
DROPPED A PRETTY BIG HINT.
>> Reporter: TONIGHT IS BIDEN ON
THE BRINK?
>> RUN, JOE, RUN!
>> Reporter: WITH THE CROWD
URGING HIM ON, THE FORMER VICE
PRESIDENT DROPPING HIS STRONGEST
HINTS YET ABOUT A PRESIDENTIAL
RUN.
>> I APPRECIATE THE ENERGY YOU
SHOWED WHEN I GOT UP HERE.
SAVE IT A LITTLE LONGER.
I MAY NEED IT IN A FEW WEEKS.
>> Reporter: GOING AFTER
PRESIDENT TRUMP AT TWO EVENTS.
>> THE GUARDRAILS WE PUT UP TO
PREVENT THE ABUSE OF POWER,
THEY'RE UNDER ENORMOUS STRESS
NOW.
>> Reporter: IF THE FORMER VICE
PRESIDENT GETS INTO THE RACE,
POLLS SUGGEST HE WOULD INSTANTLY
BECOME A DEMOCRATIC FRONT-RUNNER
IN AN ALREADY CROWDED FIELD.
AND IT COULD SET UP A
TRUMP/BIDEN SHOWDOWN ALREADY
PLAYING OUT.
BIDEN ON CANDIDATE TRUMP.
>> I WISH WE WERE IN HIGH
SCHOOL.
I COULD TAKE HIM BEHIND THE GYM.
>> Reporter: THE PRESIDENT
TAKING HIS OWN SHOTS.
>> I THINK HE RAN THREE TIMES,
AND HE NEVER HAD MORE THAN 1%.
SO WE CALL HIM 1% JOE.
>> Reporter: BIDEN RECENTLY
CALLING HIMSELF THE MOST
QUALIFIED PERSON TO BE
PRESIDENT, BUT ACKNOWLEDGING,
QUOTE, I AM A GAFFE MACHINE.
BIDEN WOULD TOUT HIS WORKING
CLASS APPEAL, BUT WOULD FACE A
NEW CHALLENGE, A FIELD OF
YOUNGER MORE PROGRESSIVE
DEMOCRATS.
THE QUESTION NOW, IS IT BIDEN
TIME?
ANDREA MITCHELL PRESSING HIM
TODAY.
>> WHY WOULDN'T YOU, VICE
PRESIDENT?
>> I CAN'T THINK OF ANY REASON.
>> Reporter: BIDEN DECLINED IN
RUN IN 2016 AFTER HIS SON'S
DEATH.
HE SAYS HE'LL MAKE HIS 2020
DECISION IN THE NEXT FEW WEEKS.
LESTER?
>> ALL RIGHT, KRISTEN WELKER,
THANK YOU.
>>> THERE IS NEW FALLOUT TONIGHT
AFTER HOUSE SPEAKER NANCY PELOSI
PUBLICLY CAME OUT AGAINST
IMPEACHING PRESIDENT TRUMP FOR
NOW.
TODAY MANY DEMOCRATS SAY THEY
DISAGREE.
OUR HALLIE JACKSON WITH DETAILS
NOW.
>> Reporter: DEMOCRATS DIVIDED
TONIGHT AFTER SPEAKER NANCY
PELOSI TOOK IMPEACHMENT OFF THE
TABLE FOR NOW, AIMING TO PUT
POLICY OVER POLITICS.
>> TO TAKE OUR EYE OFF THAT BALL
IS NOT WORTH IT, AND THAT'S WHY
I SAY IMPEACHMENT IS NOT WORTH
IT.
>> Reporter: HER MOVE MET WITH
RESISTANCE TODAY BY YOUNGER
PROGRESSIVES LIKE ALEXANDRIA
OCASIO-CORTEZ AND RASHIDA TLAIB,
WHO PLANS TO INTRODUCE A
RESOLUTION TO TRY TO PUSH THE
IMPEACHMENT PROCESS FORWARD.
>> LET'S HAVE A COMMITTEE
PROCESS AND INVESTIGATE THESE
OFFENSES.
>> Reporter: DESPITE THAT
OUTSPOKEN MINORITY, MANY OTHER
DEMOCRATS ARE PRAISING PELOSI'S
POSITION.
>> I THINK THE SPEAKER IS DOING
EXACTLY WHAT SHE SHOULD BE
DOING.
>> THE ONLY THING WORSE THAN
PUTTING THE COUNTRY THROUGH THE
TRAUMA OF AN IMPEACHMENT IS
TRAUMA OF FAILED IMPEACHMENT.
>> Reporter: FROM THE WHITE
HOUSE --
>> I'M GLAD SEES WHAT THE REST
OF US SEE AND THERE IS NO
REASON, NO CAUSE FOR
IMPEACHMENT.
>> Reporter: SENATOR CHUCK
SCHUMER PRESSED REPEATEDLY ON
THIS SAID HE THINKS DEMOCRATS
SHOULD WAIT AND SEE THE ROBERT
MUELLER REPORT.
AND SPEAKER PELOSI DID LEAVE
HERSELF SOME WIGGLE ROOM
DEPENDING ON HOW CONCLUSIVE THE
FINDINGS ARE.
>> THANK YOU.
>>> NOW TO VENEZUELA, WHERE THE
U.S. ANNOUNCED IT IS WITHDRAWING
ALL REMAINING DIPLOMATIC STAFF
AND THEIR FAMILIES FROM THE
CARACAS EMBASSY THIS WEEK.
BLACKOUTS IN VENEZUELA STRETCH
INTO A SIXTH DAY, THERE ARE
REPORTS THAT SOME OF THE POWER
WAS TURNED BACK ON.
>>> THERE IS BREAKING NEWS WE'RE
WATCHING FROM AMERICA'S CLOSEST
ALLY TONIGHT.
A CRUSHING DEFEAT, THROWING THE
UK DEEPER INTO POLITICAL AND
ECONOMIC CHAOS JUST OVER TWO
WEEKS UNTIL THAT DIVORCE
DEADLINE WITH EUROPE.
NBC'S BILL NEELY IS IN LONDON.
>> Reporter: HUMILIATED AGAIN,
BRITAIN'S PRIME MINISTER THERESA
MAY FAILING FOR A SECOND TIME
THIS YEAR TO GET LAWMAKERS TO
BACK HER BREXIT PLAN.
>> THE TIME HAS COME TO BACK
THIS DEAL.
>> Reporter: THEY IGNORED HER.
>> THE AYES TO THE RIGHT, 242.
THE NO'S TO THE LEFT, 391.
>> Reporter: LIKE HER VOICE, SHE
SOUNDED BROKEN.
>> I PROFOUNDLY REGRET THE
DECISION THAT THIS HOUSE HAS
TAKEN.
>> Reporter: SHE SPENT OVER TWO
YEARS NEGOTIATING HER DEAL WITH
EUROPEAN LEADERS.
NOW BRITAIN RISKS CRASHING OUT
OF EUROPE.
ITS PEOPLE HAVE BEEN WARNED OF A
NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH TRADE
AND TRAVEL DISRUPTED, MEDICINES
AND FOOD STOCKPILED ALREADY,
FEARS OF VIOLENCE IN NORTHERN
IRELAND IF BORDER CHECKPOINTS
WITH THE EU ARE IMPOSED.
BRITAIN IS IN CRISIS.
ITS LINK WITH EUROPE FOR THE
LAST HALF CENTURY WILL BE CUT IN
17 DAYS, UNLESS ANOTHER PATH IS
FOUND.
THE UNITED KINGDOM MORE DIVIDED
THAN EVER.
>> AND BILL JOINING US NOW FROM
LONDON.
BILL, WHAT'S THE PLAN HERE?
ONLY A FEW WEEKS LEFT.
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
>> Reporter: YEAH.
GOOD EVENING, LESTER.
WELL, HERE TOMORROW IN
PARLIAMENT, ANOTHER VOTE.
THIS TIME, ON WHETHER BRITAIN
SHOULD CRASH OUT OF THE EUROPEAN
UNION WITHOUT A DIVORCE DEAL.
THEN ON THURSDAY, A THIRD VOTE
ON WHETHER BRITAIN SHOULD ASK
THE EUROPEAN UNION FOR A DELAY
IN THAT DIVORCE.
BUT THAT REALLY IS JUST KICKING
THE CAN DOWN THE ROAD.
THERE IS NO AGREEMENT HERE AFTER
TWO AND A HALF YEARS ON ANY
COURSE OF ACTION.
SO THERE COULD BE A GENERAL
ELECTION.
THERE COULD BE A NATIONAL
REFERENDUM.
IT REALLY IS VERY UNCLEAR.
BUT WHAT IS CLEAR IS THAT THIS
REMAINS THE BIGGEST POLITICAL
CRISIS HERE IN 50 YEARS, AND
THAT THERESA MAY'S DAYS ARE
NUMBERED.
SHE IS TONIGHT IN OFFICE BUT NOT
IN POWER.
LESTER?
>> ALL RIGHT, BILL NEELY IN
LONDON, THANK YOU.
>>> JUST AHEAD, A ROCK THROWN
FROM AN OVERPASS KILLS A MOTHER
OF THREE.
TONIGHT, THE URGENT HUNT FOR
SUSPECTS.
>>> THEN, WORRIED ABOUT FLYING
AFTER THAT CRASH IN ETHIOPIA?
>>> NEXT
>>> NEXT TONIGHT, POLICE ARE
SEARCHING FOR A SUSPECT AFTER A
ROCK THROWN FROM AN OVERPASS
KILLED A MOTHER OF THREE ON A
TEXAS HIGHWAY.
OUR MORGAN CHESKY HAS DETAILS.
>> Reporter: JUST NORTH OF
AUSTIN ON INTERSTATE 35, WHERE A
FAMILY TRIP TURNED FATAL.
>> YOUR PATIENT IS GOING TO BE A
FEMALE.
THEY ADVISE YOU WAS HIT BY A
BRICK.
IT WAS THROWN FROM A OVERPASS.
>> Reporter: THAT PATIENT
33-YEAR-OLD KEILA FLORES,
SITTING IN THE FRONT PASSENGER
SEAT IN FRONT OF HER KIDS WHEN
SOMETHING SMASHED THROUGH THE
FRONT WINDOW.
>> IT LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE THREW A
BRICK OFF THE BRIDGE AND HIT THE
PATIENT.
>> IT LITERALLY THE FRONT
WINDSHIELD EXPLODED.
>> Reporter: BOYFRIEND CHRIS
RODRIGUEZ DIDN'T KNOW WHAT
HAPPENED UNTIL HE PULLED OVER.
GIVING FLORES CPR UNTIL SHE WENT
TO A HOSPITAL WHERE SHE LATER
DIED.
NO SIGN OF THE PERSON
RESPONSIBLE.
>> SHE WAS A JOY OF LIFE.
AND TO TAKE THAT AWAY FROM HER
KIDS, HER FAMILY AND FRIENDS, I
DON'T WANT NOBODY IN THE WORLD
TO EVER HAVE TO GO WITH THIS
PAIN.
>> Reporter: TONIGHT
INVESTIGATORS ARE STILL PURSUING
LEADS, BUT SAY WHOEVER DID THROW
THAT ROCK COULD BE FACING MURDER
CHARGES.
LESTER?
>> ALL RIGHT, MORGAN CHESKY,
THANK YOU.
>>> THE GROWING HEALTH CONCERN
THAT TODAY CAUSED A SCARE AT A
MAJOR AIRPORT.
WE'LL TELL YOU ABOUT THAT.
AND IF YOU'RE FLYING IN THE
STATES, HOW TO TELL IF YOU'RE
BOOKED ON THE SAME PLANE THAT'S
BEEN GROUNDED BY MANY COUNTRIES
AROUND THE WORLD.
>>> TONIGHT HEALTH OFFICIALS SAY
FLYERS MAY HAVE BEEN EXPOSED TO
MEASLES AT L.A.X. AIRPORT ON
FEBRUARY 21st BY A PASSENGER ON
A CHINA EASTERN AIRLINES FLIGHT
ON A LAYOVER, BUT THEY ADD THERE
IS NO CURRENT RISK AT L.A.X.
>>> NOW TO THE QUESTIONS A LOT
OF NERVOUS FLYERS ARE ASKING,
HOW DO I KNOW IF I'M BOOKING ONE
OF THOSE PLANES GROUNDED AROUND
MOST OF THE WORLD, AND WHAT
HAPPENS IF I WANT TO CANCEL?
WITH MORE ON THAT, HERE IS JOE
FRYER.
>> Reporter: AT AIRPORTS ACROSS
THE COUNTRY, WORRIED PASSENGERS
ARE PAYING CLOSER ATTENTION TO
WHAT TYPE OF PLANE THEY'RE
FLYING IN.
ON THEIR MINDS, THE BOEING 737
MAX 8 GROUNDED VIRTUALLY
EVERYWHERE, EXCEPT NORTH
AMERICA.
>> A LOT OF TIMES PEOPLE ARE
ALREADY SCARED TO FLY, AND WHEN
THINGS LIKE THIS HAPPEN, IT
MAKES THE FEAR EVEN MORE
APPARENT.
>> Reporter: THE MAX 8 COMPLETE
MORE THAN 8,500 FLIGHTS A WEEK
WORLDWIDE, ACCORDING TO A FLIGHT
TRACKING SERVICE.
WE SPOKE WITH PASSENGERS AFTER
ONE FLIGHT.
>> WHEN I SAW IT WAS THE SAME
PLANE, YOU GOT A LITTLE
CONCERNED, BUT THERE WAS NOTHING
I COULD DO.
ALL I CAN DO IS PRAY THAT THE
PILOTS KNEW WHAT THEY WERE
DOING.
>> Reporter: HOW DO YOU KNOW
YOUR PLANE TYPE?
IT'S EASIEST TO CHECK WHILE
BOOKING, BUT IF YOU ALREADY HAVE
A TICKET, YOU CAN GET THAT
INFORMATION BY GOING TO THE
AIRLINES' WEBSITE OR APP AND
LOOKING UNDER EQUIPMENT OR
AIRCRAFT TYPE.
IF YOU STILL CAN'T FIND IT
THERE, THERE ARE OTHER SITES
LIKE FLIGHTSTATS AND SEAT GURU,
BUT KEEP IN MIND PLANES CAN
CHANGE AT THE LAST MINUTE.
TWO U.S. AIRLINES USE MAX 8,
SOUTHWEST AND AMERICAN.
>> WE THINK AT THE VERY LEAST
THAT THE AIRLINES SHOULD REFUND
PASSENGERS ANY CANCELLATION OR
CHANGE FEES.
>> Reporter: SOUTHWEST ALREADY
DOESN'T CHARGE CHANGE FEES, BUT
IS WAIVING ANY FARE DIFFERENCE
FOR PASSENGERS WHO WANT TO
CHANGE FLIGHTS OUT OF CONCERN.
SO FAR AMERICAN IS NOT CHANGES
CHANGING ITS POLICIES.
LESTER?
>> ALL RIGHT.
JOE FRYER, THANK YOU FOR THAT.
>>> IN TONIGHT'S "INSPIRING
AMERICA," A RUNNER READY TO GO
THE DISTANCE THIS WEEKEND, AND
THE BEST FRIEND LEADING THE WAY.
HERE IS KRISTEN DAHLGREN.
>> Reporter: WHEN THOMAS PANEK
HEADS OUT FOR A RUN, IT'S NEVER
WITHOUT HIS DOG, BECAUSE GUS
ISN'T JUST A GOOD TRAINING
PARTNER, HE IS TOM'S EYES.
>> I HAVE TO FOLLOW HIS FOOTWORK
VERY CLOSELY.
>> Reporter: WHEN A GENETIC
CONDITION TOOK TOM'S SIGHT IN
HIS 20s.
>> IT'S BASICALLY LIKE SEEING
THE WORLD DISAPPEAR IN FRONT OF
YOU.
>> Reporter: ONE OF THE THINGS
HE REALLY MISSED WAS RUNNING.
HUMAN GUIDES COULD LEAD HIM, BUT
HE CRAVED MORE INDEPENDENCE, SO
HE HAD A THOUGHT.
>> DOGS LOVE TO RUN, AND I LOVE
TO RUN.
SO IT SORT OF MADE SENSE.
>> Reporter: IT TAKES SPECIAL
TRAINING.
>> HOLD MY ARM AND CLOSE YOUR
EYES.
>> Reporter: AND A SPECIAL KIND
OF TRUST.
>> WOW.
>> ARE YOU TRUSTING HIM?
>> I'M TRYING.
>> Reporter: GUS LEADS US AROUND
OBSTACLES IN CENTRAL PARK AND
MAKES SURE WE'RE NOT DOGGING IT.
>> GUS, YOU'RE SETTING A FAST
PACE HERE, BUDDY.
>> Reporter: THOMAS'S
ORGANIZATION GUIDING EYES FOR
THE BLIND HELPS TRAIN DOGS FOR
OTHERS, AND THIS MONTH HE WILL
BECOME THE FIRST BLIND RUNNER TO
COMPLETE A HALF MARATHON WITH A
CANINE COMPANION.
>> WHERE DID YOU GET SO FAST?
>> Reporter: THREE DOGS WILL
TAKE TURNS GUIDING TOM, BUT IT
WILL BE GUS WHO CROSSES THE
FINISH LINE, HIS FINAL TASK
BEFORE RETIRING.
>> HE DESERVES A MEDAL, HE
REALLY DOES.
>> Reporter: A MAN AND HIS DOG
SHOWING THE REST OF US --
>> ALMOST THERE, BUDDY.
>> IF YOU HAVE A DISABILITY,
THERE ARE REALLY NO LIMITS.
>> Reporter: BUT THERE ARE
PLENTY OF FINISH LINES AHEAD.
KRISTEN DAHLGREN, NBC NEWS, NEW
YORK.
>> AND GOOD LUCK TO BOTH OF THEM
THIS WEEKEND.
THAT'S "NIGHTLY NEWS."
I'M LESTER HOLT.
FOR ALL OF US, THANKS FOR
WATCHING AND GOOD NIGHT.